Greetings all,

Hi FirstName(iee),

This is xx, the AM of xx system.
We are XX IT support team.

As you mentioned that xx have been migrated to XX.
Could you please do us a favor 
Could you please give support for xx?
(cc’ed)在抄送中


It was a pleasure to hear from you that you have done sth.
We are sorry for not having replied earlier as we wished for more favourable news to give you. We are now please to..


//申请权限
I would like to request access to XX as the role of manager.
he suggested that I should have the same level of access as his.

//
We have pleasures in doing sth
As we are in urgent need of the goods, would you please do your utmost to effect shipment of our ordered goods by the end of June as scheduled.

Please let me know if this is possible.
please let us know and we may be able to make other arrangements temporarly.

We will keep in mind your requirement for.. and shall contact you once it is available.

//
We can summarize the results as follows:
On the basis of these findings, I recommend that...
With reference to your enquiry of ..,we shall be glad to ..

//
Considering the high production cost, we don't feel that our price is at all excessive.
The price we offered you is very pratical, so we are sorry to say that your counter-offer is unacceptable.

Thank you for your letter of March 5 in which you ..
We are sorry to have to tell you that we cannot fill your order for QFLD Watches.
Please send us as soon as possible the following goods, as listed in your current catalog.
As we have not received any informationfrom you that the goods have been sent, we have no alternative but to cancel this order.



//期待回复
As the matter is urgent we should appreciate an early reply.
We look forward to hearing from you soon.
We look forward to your favourable reply.
Looking forward to your early reply.
An early reply would help us to help you.



Thank you for your attention.

普通： Yours sincc’edcerely
正式： Your truly
最正式： Yours respectfully
随意： Best regards,
signature

Enclosure Notation  附件注明
常用缩写： Encls

Postscript 附笔，再启，又及
常用缩写： P.S.


//
--Do not write below this line---
Please do not reply this email, If you disagree with this solution, please forward this e-mail to XXXX with your comments,
and the Support Request will be re-opened. Please do not change the subject.
Support request number:
Description:
Actions&Solutions:
Link to your support request:
If you disagree or has further questions about this solution, please send an email to XXXX.
If you have some specific comment/feedback/complaint about how your issue was handled,please send an email to XXXX.

