20190811

What kind of rubbish are you?
This question might normally provoke anger, but in Shanghai it has elicited weary groans over the past week.
On July 1st the city introduced stringet trash-sorting regulations that are expected to be used as a model for the country.
Residents must divide their waste into four separate categories and toss it into specific public bins. 
They must do so at scheduled times, 
when monitors are present to ensure compliance (and to inquire into the nature of one's rubbish.)
Violaters face the prospect of fines and worse.
Shanghai authorities are responding to an obvious environment problem.
It generates 9m tonnes of garbage a year, more than London's annual output and rising quickly.
But like other cities in China, it lacks a recycling system.
Instead, it has relied on trash pickers to sift through the waste, plucking out whatever can be reused.
This has limits.
As people get wealthier, fewer of them want to do such dirty work.
The waste, meanwhile, just keeps piling up.
China churns out 80bn pairs of disposable chopsticks a year.
/* intensive reading */
 provoke v,激起，引起 to cause a particular reaction or have a particular effect. 
 provoke anger/outrage/fury 引起愤怒, sth provokes controversy 引起争议, sth provokes widespread criticism 引起广泛的批评.
 provocative adj, 挑衅的，煽动性的 a provocative remark 煽动性的言论
                  挑逗性的， a provocative smile 撩人的一笑
 近义：elicit, spark, trigger, arouse, cause
 
 weary adj, 疲倦的，疲惫的，very tired, especially after you have been working hard or doing sth for a long time.
 
 groan n/v, 抱怨，发牢骚. Parents were beginning to groan about the price of college tuition.
            近义： complain about sth, moan and groan about sth, gripe about sth, grumble about sth, lament sth, bemoan sth.

We may be materially richer, some will protest, but aren't we less happy because we know thar others have even more?
We may have supercomputers in our pockets, but aren't they causing an epidemic of loneliness among young?
He may be a good father but he's a terrible husband.
They might not have two cents to rub together, but at least they have a kind of lifestyle that is different.
might/may...but.. 替换althought来让步和转折

stringent adj, 严厉的，严格的，常用语形容法律、规章、标准， strict, tough，（lenient 宽松的，宽容的）

residents 居民
divide sth into sth 把..分成.. sort sth into sth

hazardous waste 有害垃圾
recyclable waste 可回收垃圾
Household Food Waste 厨余垃圾（湿垃圾）
Residual Waste 干垃圾

toss 扔，抛 toss a coin , toss and turn 辗转反侧 I couldn't sleep but keep tossing and turning in bed all night.

public bins 公共垃圾箱

schedule n 日程安排，v 安排预定， at scheduled times 规定的时间

inquire into sth 查究，调查

compliance 服从，遵守 when someone obeys a rule, agreement, or demand, ensure compliance.
           v，comply, comply with the regulations, obey sth, observe sth, abide by sth.
           adj, compliant 顺从的，百依百顺的 willig to obey or to agree to other people's wishes and demands.
           
nature 种类
violator 违反规则的人
prospect 前景， 可能性 face the prospect of (fines)...面临...(罚款)的可能性 Many people face the prospect of unemployment.
         Many people risk losing their jobs.
         
         
authorities 当局         

sift through 筛查，详查，严密检查 If you sift through sth such as evidece, you examine it thoroughly, sift through resumes.

Pluck 扯，拉，揪

as people get , 随着人们越来越.. as people get older, as people become more and more..

pile up 堆积，成堆， Work is starting to pile up. He piled up huge debt(债务)
        a pile of sth/ piles of sth 大量， a mountain of sth: I have piles of (mountains of) work to do today.
        pile in, 蜂拥而入 to go somewhere quickly without order or control
        As more firms pile into ride-sharing, and autonomous vehicles become part of the mix,
        the business may prove to be lesss lucrative than expected.

churn out 大量，快速的生产， 学校培养学生
disposable 一次性的 throwaway  a throwaway/disposable carrier bag
           可支配的 disposable income 可支配收入
           
20190813

Have you ever got a feeling like you've seen it before while scrolling through comics?
Let's be real, it was probabliy in your own life!
We are all so individual and different, we come from different cultures and backgrounds,
yet we find ourselves in funny circumstance that seem to be exactly the same.
Life is full of challenges and surprises but the best you can do in the most ridiculous and obscure situations is to laugh at them!
Out of 7 billion people in the world, 
there are lots who are on the same page and can totally relate to your experiences and laugh at them together.
This is what artist Bella Sriwantana is counting on by sharing quirky comics about her daily life.
She opens up struggles, and relationships with a great deal of self-irony and humor.

circumstance 环境
ridiculous 荒谬的
obscure 朦胧的
you can't(don't need to) please anyone.

20190814
There O' Cat is Still a Game
What do I believe? What laws do I live by?
There are so many answers-work, beauty, truth, love- and I hope I do live by them.
But in everyday things I live by the light of a supplementary (附加)set of laws. 
I'd better call them rules of thumb.经验法则
Rules of thumb aren't very grand 大, but they do make the wheels go around.
My father and mother send me to good schools, but the finest thing they did for my education was to have seven children.
I was the oldest, and my brothers and sisters were my best teachers.
I learned first to pull my own weight in the boat.
Kids making a bob-sled have no use for the loafer流浪者 who wants a free ride.
Neither has the world. 世界也是如此
I learned to make the bed I slept in, and wash the glass I used, and mend what I broke, and mop up where i spilled.
And if I was too lazy or too dainty 挑剔 or too busy, and left it for someone else, somebody else soon taught me different.
Then, the same way, I learned that anger is a waste.
It hurts nobody but me.
A fit of the sullens 闷闷不乐 got short shrift 不会有人搭理 in our house.
It wasn't pulling my weight in the boat 我的责任, it was spoiling 搞糟sport. 让人觉得扫兴
And among seven children it got me nowhere.
It might reduce four o'cat to three o'cat, but the game went on just the same, and where was I? Out of it.被排除在外了
Better go in and join the group around the piano and forget my grievance.委屈
Better still, next time don't filing down my bat in a tantrum 发脾气;
keep my temper 情绪, and stay in the game.
20190815
Here's a rule thumb that's important, and the older I get, the more important i think it is.
When I can do something, and somebody wants me to do it, I have to do it.
The great tragedy 悲剧 of life is not to be needed.
As long as you are able and willing to do things for people, you will be needed.
Of course you are able, and if so , you can't say no.
My mother is seventy-seven. in seventy-seven years she has never said no.
Today she is so much in demand by thirteen grandchildren and countless无数个 neighbors that her presence is eagerly contended for.
When I want to see here I have to pretend emmergency.

Then there's the rule of curiosity.好奇法则
Your body would die if you stopped feeling hunger and thirst, and your mind will die if you lose your curiosity.
This I learned from my father.
My father was a naturalist. He could see the bettle under the bark 树皮下的甲虫, 
and draw it forth unharmed for us to squint at through the magnifying glass 放大镜.
He sampled the taste of thirty-three different caterpillars 毛毛虫.
Fired by his example, once, my sister ate an ant.
In case you are wondering, caterpillars taste like green leaves they eat, and ants taste of lemon.
I personally haven't taste any entomological specimens 昆虫标本 lately,
but i am still rejoicing 欣喜in the limitlesss 无限的 curiosity.
the draws me to books and people and places.
I hope I never lose it.
It would be like pulling down the blind.

20190816

Finally, there is the rule of happiness.
Happiness is a habit.
I was taught to cultivate 培养it.
A big stomach-ache, or a big heart-ache, can interrupt hapiness, 
but neither can destroy it unless i permit 允许.
My mother simply wouldn't have unhappy faces moping about the place.
If it was stomach-ache, she does it.
If it was heart-ache, sha administered love and understanding and lots of interesting things to do,
and soon the sun came out again.
Even the heartbreaks that can't really be mended, even those seem to yield to the habit of finding happiness in doing things,
in love and in the memory of love.
I hope I never lose that habit either.
It would be like putting out the light.


