stick around 呆会儿
    You go.-- I'll stick around here a bit longer.
    Please stick around for a while, I want to talk to you later.
gray hair 白头发 is going gray.
    Please dye my hair red.
    Blonde 金发

The players are gonna play. 捉弄人的人
And the haters are gonna hate. 网上的喷子
I'm just gonna shake it off. 通通甩掉，摆脱，解脱
        He was generally feeling bad, he just couldn't shake it off.
        off表示脱离，off the hook 脱钩， get off 下车， take off 脱掉，飞机起飞，人离开
        nod off 打盹 （nod 点头）After our busy day, we both sat and nodded off in front of the TV.
        I tried to shake it off, but in vain.

You are what you eat.
    I won't eat you. 我又不会生你的气。
    
Could you send a taxi to ..(somewhere).
Can you pull up closer to the curb?可以停得离路边近一点儿吗
Could you take me to..
Can you take the quickest route to..
What is that tall building over there?

20190814

The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. 疯子和天才的区别
    the distance between xx and xx xx和xx之间的差距
    is measured by xx 靠xx衡量 life is measured by thought and action, not by time.
    measurement noun 测量结果，尺寸
    
    The distance between success and failure is not IQ but endeavor.努力
    
perk up , to improve or become more exciting 打起精神
        prices perked up slightly before the close of trading.
        
20190815
Every man's life ends the same way. It is only details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another.
        ends the same way 以相同的方式结束 they all end the same way 他们下场都一样
        It always ends the same way 最后总是不欢而散
        distinguish one man from another 区别开一个人和另一个人--让两个人产生差距
        That's what distinguishs us from another online dating services 这就是我们和其他在线约会服务不一样的地方
        distinguish A from B 区分开A和B
        
It is full of hot air.外面真热呀
    hot air 空话，大话
    hot air ballon 热气球 More and more people are into hot air travelling.
    hot pot
    hot stuff 辣妞，帅小伙，奇才 He is the inventor of that machine, and we would call him hot stuff.
    hot potato 麻烦 No matter what happened, I would not drop you like a hot potato.
    hot water 热水，困境 you don't want to get into that hot water.
    hot seat 容易招致麻烦的职位 Nobody would take that hot seat.
    
Fresh start， When you start something again in a completely new and different way after being unsuccessful.
            I decide it was time for a fresh start.
            we moved to this town for a fresh start.
        

20190816

The whole thing's been about rising to each challenge no matter the odds, because that's what heroes do.
        the whole thing's been about.. 整件事都是关于XXX的+句子、n
        rise to the challenge 迎接挑战
        The odds were aganist them, but the team rose to the challenge and managed to win the championship.
        I'm totally confident that you'll rise to the challenge.
        no matter the odds 不论艰险
        no matter what the odds
        no matter what the odds are
        
        We stick together, no matter what the odds.
        You're someone who, no matter what the odds, will do what's right.
        No matter the odds, some warriors simply refuse to fall.
        
        All you need to do is to crave your own path, no matter what the odds are.
        
fill in (for sb) 暂时替代
        to do sb's job for a short time while they are not there.
        I can't go to the meeting, will you fill in for me ?
        fill sb (with sth) 使充满（感情）
        We were all filled with admiration for his achievements.
        满足 to stop people from continuing to want or need sth
        More nurseries will be built to fill the need for high-quality child care.
        担任 to do a job, have a role or position
        He fills the post satisfactorily.
 feel the pinch 手头紧
        pinch 匮乏，少量， 夹痛
        to be in a pinch
        
20190817

mess around 消磨
        to spend time doing various things that are not important, without any particular purpose or plan
        They spend their weekends messing around on their boat.
        My brother likes messing around with computers.
        So that means he maybe check facebook, read some news that are not related to his serious task.
        

20190818

nest egg 积蓄
        an (large) amout of money saved for the future: often life savings
        A 'nest egg' or 'nest-egg' is a fake ceramic（陶瓷） (or sometimes real) egg 
        added into a hen's(母鸡) nest to encourage her to lay.
        The modern term nest egg meaning a sum of money tucked away in savings or for retirement.
        Regular investment(投资) of small amounts of money is an excellent way of building a nest egg.
        What's your name? 你叫什么名字?
　—My name is .... 我叫……。

2. —What's his name? 他的名字是什么?
    —His name is Mike. 他的名字是麦克。

3. —What's her name? 她的名字是什么?
　 —Her name is Chen Jie. 她的名字是陈洁。

4. —How old are you? 你几岁了?
　 —I'm 12. 我十二岁。

5. —How old is he/she? 他/她几岁了?
　 —He/She is 7. 他/她7岁了。
  . —What colour is it? 它是什么颜色的?
　 —It's yellow and white. 黄白相间。

2. —What colour are they? 它们是什么颜色的?
　 —They're green. 绿色的。
   —What time is it now? 现在几点钟?
　 —It's nine o clock.  九点。
    —It's time for English class.  该上英语课了。

2. —What day is it today? 今天星期几?
 　—It's Monday. 星期一。
　 —What do we have on Mondays? 我们星期一上哪些课?
　 —We have Chinese, English, math …语文、英语、数学……

3. —When is your birthday? 你的生日是什么时候?
　 —It's October 1st, our National Day. 十月一日，国庆节。

4. —When do you do morning exercises? 你什么时候晨练?
   —I usually do morning exercises at 8:30. 我通常8：30晨练。
   1. —Where is my toy car? 我的玩具汽车在哪儿?
　 —It's here, under the chair. 在这儿，在椅子下面。

2. —Where is the canteen? 餐厅在哪儿?
　 —It's on the first floor. 在一楼。

3. —Where are the keys? 钥匙在哪儿?
　 —They're in the door. 在门上。

4. —Excuse me. Where is the library, please? 打扰一下，请问图书馆在哪儿?
　 —It's near the post office. 在邮局附近。

5. —Where are you from? 你从哪儿来?
　 —I'm from China. 我从中国来。

6. —Where does the rain come from? 雨是从哪儿来的?
　 —It comes from the clouds. 它是从云层里来的。


